add enrich-rabbitmq documentation, remove beam-enrich, and reorganize enrich doc (#89)
snowplow/snowplow.github.io: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/enrichment-components/configuration-reference/index.md

For this reason, this new validation was added as a feature that can be deactivated like that:

```json
"featureFlags": {
  "acceptInvalid": true
}
```

In this case, enriched events that are not valid against `atomic` schema will still be emitted as before, so that enrich 3.0.0 can be fully backward compatible.
It will be possible to know if the new validation would have had an impact by 2 ways:

1. A new metric `invalid_enriched` has been introduced.
    It reports the number of enriched events that were not valid against `atomic` schema. As the other metrics, it can be seen on stdout and/or StatsD.
2. Each time there is an enriched event invalid against `atomic` schema, a line will be logged with the bad row (add `-Dorg.slf4j.simpleLogger.log.InvalidEnriched=debug` to the `JAVA_OPTS` to see it).

If `acceptInvalid` is set to `false`, a bad row will be emitted instead of the enriched event in case it's not valid against `atomic` schema.

When we'll know that all our customers don't have any invalid enriched events any more, we'll remove the feature flags and it will be impossible to emit invalid enriched events.

## Telemetry

> Starting with version 3.0.0 of enrich, snowplow will be collecting the heartbeats with some meta-information about the application (schema [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snowplow/iglu-central/master/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.oss/oss_context/jsonschema/1-0-1)). This is done to help us to improve the product, we need to understand what is popular, so we could focus our development effort in the right place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.0.0 of enrich, Snowplow collects heartbeats with some meta-information about the application (schema [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snowplow/iglu-central/master/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.oss/oss_context/jsonschema/1-0-1)). This is done to help us to improve the product, we need to understand what is popular, so we could focus our development effort in the right place.
```
